sooo want to profile myself and put my
name on a brass fleet took one put on a
new box so people could look inside that
thing I'm gonna sticking it on the
apartment of my right hand and placed it
on the left side of her chest to my
fingers caress caress caress her but
before the messages will reach my
fingers she's away yes somebody coming
let's go inside and carry me inside she
apart managed IT bathroom all she had
one what you read you yeah yeah what'd I
tell you she stand up their skin on a
service of failure what you think is my
best asset when I watch her from ahead
your greatest asset is your ears
what are you completely mad look at
these buns of steel and look at these
times I job every day ten miles
look at this not like a tower I just do
a total crunches every week on I have
never had a desire and you telling me my
greatest asset it smells I say yes baby
just gonna tell me hear some
to come in